README.md, before:

# empirical project: measuring wellbeing

**Important**: This project is not finished yet.

## Project description

This project was made for school and is my solution to [empirical project: measuring wellbeing](https://www.core-econ.org/doing-economics/book/text/04-01.html).

It was made in Julia.

## How to run

1. Install Julia
2. Download the data files: [see below](#downloading-the-data-files)
3. Configure the config in the [config.jl](./config.jl) file
4. Run the script `run.jl` using Julia: `julia run.jl`
   1. This is the main script that runs the project.

### Downloading the data files

1. Go to the [United Nations’ National Accounts Main Aggregates Database](https://unstats.un.org/unsd/snaama/Index) website.
2. On the right-hand side of the page, under ‘Data Availability’, click ‘Downloads’.
3. Under the subheading ‘GDP and its breakdown at constant 2010 prices in US Dollars’, select the Excel file ‘All countries for all years – sorted alphabetically’.
4. Save it in an easily accessible location, such as a folder on your Desktop or in your personal folder.

> Source: [empirical project: measuring wellbeing](https://www.core-econ.org/doing-economics/book/text/04-02.html#part-41-gdp-and-its-components-as-a-measure-of-material-wellbeing:~:text=Go%20to%20the,your%20personal%20folder.)

## Overview about the files

- [config.jl](./config.jl): The config file
- [run.jl](./run.jl): The script that runs the project and installs the dependencies

- [main.jl](./main.jl): The main script that runs the project
- [features](./features/): Scripts inside this folder are used to implement smaller functions called by the main script.
- [ascii](./ascii/): ASCII art used in the project

Commit message:

Updated "Overview about the files"

README.md, after:

# empirical project: measuring wellbeing

**Important**: This project is not finished yet.

## Project description

This project was made for school and is my solution to [empirical project: measuring wellbeing](https://www.core-econ.org/doing-economics/book/text/04-01.html).

It was made in Julia.

## How to run

1. Install Julia
2. Download the data files: [see below](#downloading-the-data-files)
3. Configure the config in the [config.jl](./config.jl) file
4. Run the script `run.jl` using Julia: `julia run.jl`
   1. This is the main script that runs the project.

### Downloading the data files

1. Go to the [United Nations’ National Accounts Main Aggregates Database](https://unstats.un.org/unsd/snaama/Index) website.
2. On the right-hand side of the page, under ‘Data Availability’, click ‘Downloads’.
3. Under the subheading ‘GDP and its breakdown at constant 2010 prices in US Dollars’, select the Excel file ‘All countries for all years – sorted alphabetically’.
4. Save it in an easily accessible location, such as a folder on your Desktop or in your personal folder.

> Source: [empirical project: measuring wellbeing](https://www.core-econ.org/doing-economics/book/text/04-02.html#part-41-gdp-and-its-components-as-a-measure-of-material-wellbeing:~:text=Go%20to%20the,your%20personal%20folder.)

## Overview about the files

Important files and folders (for the user):

- [config.jl](./config.jl): The config file
- [run.jl](./run.jl): The script that runs the project and installs the dependencies

Other files and folders:

- [main.jl](./main.jl): The main script that runs the project
- [features](./features/): Scripts inside this folder are used to implement smaller functions called by the main script.
- [ascii](./ascii/): ASCII art used in the project
